hddfancontrol: 1.5.1->2.0.1 (#387029)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2505.section.md

- `services.avahi.ipv6` now defaults to true.

> - hddfancontrol has been updated to 2.0.1. See the [migration guide](https://github.com/desbma/hddfancontrol/tree/master?tab=readme-ov-file#migrating-from-v1x), as there are breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- hddfancontrol has been updated to major release 2. See the [migration guide](https://github.com/desbma/hddfancontrol/tree/master?tab=readme-ov-file#migrating-from-v1x), as there are breaking changes.
```
We don't want to care if 2.0.2 is released by Mai.
